add writers-program and cfp-program pages with revision (#85)
metalbear-co/metalbear.co: content/en/pages/writers-program/index.md

---
title: Writers Program
description: Writers Program
slug: writers-program
process:
  - title: Apply

>     description: submit a brief application with a topic of interest and an outline, along with a writing sample that showcases your experience and writing skills.

Reviewer: The starts of the descriptions should be capitalized, e.g. Submit

  - title: Collaborate
    description: Once accepted, you'll receive feedback from an editor who will guide you through the writing process. They will help you refine your chosen topic and outline and offer feedback throughout the writing stage.
  - title: Write
    description: Draft your article based on the agreed-upon outline and style guide. Submit your draft for review and feedback.
  - title: Revise
    description: Get expert guidance to elevate your writing! Our editors will offer insightful feedback to help polish your article for publication.
  - title: Publish
    description: Once reviews are completed, you will get paid, and we'll publish the article and promote it across all of our channels.
textbox:
- label: what?
  title: What topics should you write about?
  content: >

>     - Technical tutorials: Using mirrord for different use cases and within different stacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Technical tutorials: using mirrord for different use cases and within different stacks.
```

>     - Deep dives: In-depth articles on technical concepts and technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Deep dives: in-depth articles on technical concepts and technologies.
```

>     - Best practices: Share tips and tricks for improving developer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Best practices: share tips and tricks for improving developer experience.
```

>     - Personal experiences: Share your own unique journey and lessons learned using mirrord in your software development cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Personal experiences: share your own unique journey and lessons learned using mirrord in your software development cycle.
```

    
    - Feel free to suggest content related to mirrord and its surrounding technologies.
- label: who?
  title: Who can write for us?
  content: >

>     We welcome applications from everyone, regardless of experience level. You must have some experience writing for a third party and are comfortable with receiving feedback on your writing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We welcome applications from everyone, regardless of experience or role. All we ask is that you be comfortable with receiving feedback on your writing.
```

    - We do not publish posts that have already been published somewhere else.
- label: why?
  title: Why should you participate?
  content: >

>     - Get paid: You can earn $150-$300 for each article you write that gets published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Get paid: you can earn $150-$300 for each article you write that gets published.
```

>     - We do not publish posts that have appeared elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - We do not publish posts that have already been published somewhere else.
```

>     - Get paid: You can earn $150-$300 for each article you write that gets published.

Reviewer: Weird that this is the first time this is mentioned. Should probably be mentioned in the hero section. @Anita-ihuman @aviramha wdyt?

Reviewer 2: I fixed this

    
    - Help others: Your writing will help educate and empower other developers.
    
    - Build your reputation: Increase your visibility within global developer communities.

>     - Boost your portfolio: Showcase your writing skills and technical knowledge to potential employers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Boost your portfolio: Showcase your writing skills and technical knowledge.
```
